# Observations:
## Date 06-02-2026
### Action to be taken
#### For all improvement/fixes please create branch then implement succesfully, check for quality and errors, test, commit, create PR, Push to remote and merge.

Some insights about Project
- Project: Being Created by User Admin
- We have several users Admin, Supervisor, Manager, Planner, Logistics, Commercial and Design Engineer. Admin creates and assigned projects to Roles to perform specific tasks.
- Within the project there are several Key Dates from start to finish. Each Key dates completion is defined by number of days from Project Start Date. Key dates task needs be finished by this date, if not completed penalties will be levied.
- Each Key Dates has several Sites and tasks assigned to various roles.
- Sites are being created by Planner and supervisor.
- Design related Tasks will be created by Design Engineer and planner just like Supervisor.
- These Sites and Tasks are assigned to Key Dates by Planner.
- Each user has Dashboard to summarize the information once they update their progress.
- Manager Dashboard gets the information of all Users
- Project Key Date Planned vs Actual graph is required.
- Expectation from the App will updated continuously. 

# User Manager
Manager is a person who is assigned to a project whose is to manage the entire things through support/actions of respective task owners. Everything comes to his Dashboard. He is the person who is responsible for everything in the project. 

1. Please go through Manger code base and follow similar pattern as that of Supervisor for further implementations.
2. Please create Demo Data and tutorial just like Supervisor/Planner. refer @App_Tutorial Markdown document for implementation.Once this is implemented we will take up improvement step by step. 